Finished Codepen: https://codepen.io/seyeonigbinde/pen/zYoMNQR


    1. What is Semantic HTML? <header><footer><p><nav>
    2. What is HTML used for? They are used to describe tags with meaning.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? an attribute is a property used to provide additional information about an element. It is used  within the opening tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is for header and it should be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes <a> and <div>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? the title and external links to the HTML.
    7. What is an id? This is a CSS selector which normally starts with #
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Main elements as it can only be applied once
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? This is a CSS selector which normally starts with .
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Elements that can be used many times.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? many times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? by using an anchor element with href attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? for names of the image if it doesn't load
    15. How do I reference an id? by using #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section is used as a parent container while the div is used as the child container.
    17. What is CSS used for? Styling of HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page .H2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? by using .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent selector is the selector in the bigger container. It is popularly used for CSS specificity.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? They are appended after the main selector with a colon. E.g hover, visited
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-Transform- Uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? It helps to add content in parallel without affected the main content.
    35. How often should I commit to github? regularly
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork the repository
    Clone the repository
    Post the copied URL into the terminal
    Create a branch using checkout
    Git add .
    Git commit -m ""
    Git push -u origin branch-name
    Go to Github to create the pull request.